niai W has been a Brand promise for us
for many years when we were thinking of
the way forward we are wondering that as
an insurance company do we end up
playing a very passive role where
actually we step in at the time of claim
settlement cannot we be more proactive
where we are involved with the fitness
and health of our customers
[Music]
it's a beautiful thing when a marketer
decides to participate in a person's
life beyond the product that he or she
is selling I see I Lumbard is selling
health insurance but they're
participating in your preparation for
being well in your remaining fit when we
heard the idea it just clicked
personally for me being a father as well
as a very passionate Runner I was very
certain that this will connect with the
consumer in a big way it is a
beautifully delivered emotional piece of
work which reminds you that your health
is not just about yourself your health
matters to those who are very near and
dear to you I think it's a brave client
who's gone and approved a c like this is
going to go a long way in you know
reinforcing ici's ni the promise and
we'll probably urge people like me to
make a promise to myself and start doing
some workout and lose this
[Music]